Software EVALUATION AGREEMENT

This document (the &quot; **Agreement**&quot;) constitutes a binding legal agreement between you (&quot; **Recipient**&quot;) and **Crankcase Audio Inc.** (&quot; **Crankcase**&quot;) respecting your use of the Software and Audio Output (both as defined below).  By selecting &quot;I Agree&quot; when downloading or installing the Software, you are indicating your acceptance of the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

WHEREAS Crankcase has agreed to provide Recipient with a copy of its audio software known as &quot;REV&quot;, and may provide Recipient with documentation, license keys, audio samples, files, and other materials and information related thereto (collectively, the &quot; **Software**&quot;), solely for internal non-commercial evaluation purposes (&quot; **Evaluation**&quot;) and on the terms and conditions set out herein.

NOW THEREFORE, for valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is acknowledged, Recipient hereby acknowledges, covenants, and agrees to and with Crankcase as follows:

1. **Ownership/Use.**  Recipient acknowledges and agrees that, as between the parties: **(a)** the Software, and all intellectual property and proprietary rights therein, are and will remain the exclusive property of Crankcase; and **(b)** the Software constitutes, contains or embodies the valuable proprietary and confidential information of Crankcase or its licensor(s).  Recipient may possess and use the Software solely: **(a)** as reasonably required for Evaluation of the Software; **(b)** for so long as is reasonably required for Evaluation of the Software; and **(c)** while Recipient is not in breach of any term or condition of this Agreement.
2. **Audio Output**. The Software may provide functionality that enables the generation of audio output (&quot; **Audio Output**&quot;) based on audio samples or files provided by Crankcase or audio samples or files provided by Recipient.  Recipient acknowledges and agrees that, as between the parties, the Audio Output, and all intellectual property and proprietary rights therein, are the exclusive property of Crankcase, except to the extent that the Audio Output embodies audio samples or files that are provided by Recipient and are owned by Recipient or a third party. Recipient may posses and use the Audio Output solely on the same terms and conditions applicable to Recipient&#39;s possession and use of the Software as provided in Section 1.
3. **Prohibited Activities.  ** Recipient may not, directly or indirectly: **(a)** sell, rent, lease, loan, sublicense, transfer, assign, distribute, disclose or provide access to the Software or Audio Output to any third party; **(b) **modify, adapt, translate or create derivative works based upon the Software; **(c)** de-compile, disassemble, unobfuscate or reverse engineer the Software; **(d)** use, disclose or make available any license keys, certificates or access codes of the Software other than as authorized by Crankcase; or **(e)** record, save, or copy Audio Output in any medium or in any form.
4. **Protection**.  Recipient will maintain the Software and Audio Output in a secure environment and will use conscientious efforts to protect the Software and Audio Output from unauthorized access, use, or copying by, or disclosure to, third parties and its own employees, representatives and contractors, employing methods at least as rigorous as those that Recipient uses to protect its own most valuable and confidential assets and information.
5. **Own Employees/Contractors.  ** Recipient will not disclose the Software or Audio Output to its own employees and contractors, except on a &quot;need to know&quot; basis as reasonably required for the Evaluation of the Software. Recipient will be fully responsible and liable for any act or omission of any person to whom Recipient provides access to the Software, whether directly or indirectly, that would breach this Agreement if done directly by Recipient.
6. **Termination.**  Crankcase may immediately terminate Recipient&#39;s rights to posses and use the Software and Audio Output at any time at its sole convenience by providing Recipient with written notice of the same.  Upon the expiration or termination of Recipient&#39;s rights to possess and use the Software and Audio Output, Recipient will promptly destroy all copies of the Software and Audio Output in its possession or control.
7. **NO LIABILITY**. RECIPIENT EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE SOFTWARE  IS PROVIDED &quot;AS IS&quot; AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND AND CRANKCASE AND ITS LICENSOR(S) EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WRITTEN OR ORAL, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO:  MERCHANTABILITY, QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUIET ENJOYMENT, PERFORMANCE,  INTEROPERABILITY, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT; OR THAT THE OPERATION OF THE SOFTWARE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, ERROR-FREE, FREE FROM HARMFUL VIRUSES OR HARMFUL COMPONENTS, OR WILL PROVIDE SPECIFIC, ACCURATE OR, RELIABLE RESULTS. CRANKCASE, AND ITS DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, CONTRACTORS, AGENTS AND REPRESENTATIVES WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY TO RECIPIENT OR TO ANY OTHER PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT AND RECIPIENT&#39;S POSSESSION OR USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR AUDIO OUTPUT, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH LIABILITY IS BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTIES, FUNDAMENTAL BREACH, FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE, OR OTHERWISE, AND EVEN IF CRANKCASE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LIABILITY.
8. **Legal.**  This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of California and the laws of the United States of America applicable therein. Except as provided below, all disputes under or relating to this Agreement shall be submitted to and resolved in the Courts situated in San Francisco, California.  Recipient acknowledges and agrees that a breach by it of any of the covenants herein contained would result in harm to Crankcase that could not adequately be compensated for by monetary award.  Accordingly, in the event of any such breach by Recipient, then in addition to all other remedies available to Crankcase at law or in equity, Crankcase shall be entitled as a matter of right to apply to a Court of competent jurisdiction for relief by way of restraining order, injunction, decree or otherwise, as may be appropriate to ensure compliance with the provisions of this Agreement.
9. **Miscellaneous**.  All notices and other communications that are required or permitted by this Agreement must be in writing and delivered by hand or double-registered mail to the parties at their addresses set out in this Agreement, or to such other addresses of which the parties give each other notice.  If Crankcase fails to insist on the strict performance of any term of this Agreement, or to exercise any of its rights, or remedies contained in this Agreement, that will not be construed as a waiver or a relinquishment by Crankcase of that term, right, or remedy.  If any term of this Agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, that invalidity or unenforceability will attach only to such term or portion thereto, and the remaining portion of the term and all other terms of this Agreement will continue in full force and effect. This Agreement will bind and benefit each of the parties including their respective lawful successors and permitted assigns.  Crankcase may assign any and all its rights and obligations contained in or referred to in this Agreement. Recipient may not assign this Agreement or any of its rights or obligations contained in or referred to herein without the prior written consent of Crankcase.  Recipient&#39;s obligations and Crankcase&#39;s rights provided in this Agreement will survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement.  This Agreement represents the full and complete understanding between the parties regarding the subject matter herein.